(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Mr. President, it appears
someone in the city
carried out
a highly powerful summon.
Using which method?
(Chief)
Fusion, sir.
We obtained this footage
from a security cam.
(Claude) Dipper.
(Declan)
And it appears he's not alone.
(Claude)
I know her.
That's Zuzu Boyle
from the You Show School.
Hey, backstage
is only for competitors
still in the tournament.
You may leave now,
Ravenwood.
Declan?
(scoffs)
Don't move!
Get going now.
(grunts)
Get out of my way.
(Barrett)
Let me take care of him.
The Professor gave me orders
to keep an eye on you.
He said if any flies get in
your way, I should swat 'm down.
(groans)
Is the professor you just
referred to named Leo Akaba?
Then it seems
we have a lot more
in common than you realize.
(both)
Let's duel.
King Tell, take aim
at Dark Sentinel.
Ionic arrow strike.
(grunting, groaning)
Don't be leaving so soon.
I have a tale that
you might want to hear
that will change everything
you believe in.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead
and make your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
So you're Celina...
not Zuzu Boyle.
Zuzu who?
Never mind.
She's just someone you look
a great deal like.
But that doesn't
need to be
our topic of
conversation, Celina.
At least not right now.
So what, then?
I thought we'd talk about
what happened years ago.
Or don't you remember?
We've met before.
I am Declan Akaba.
(Barrett groaning)
Leo Akaba's son.
We encountered each other
in the Fusion dimension.
You were the duelist that my
father saw the most promise in.
And now you're here.
And I'd like
to know why.
Did you finally
become the duelist
my father believed
you would become?
Did he send you here
as an advance scout for
the impending invasion?
Nobody sent me here.
I go where I want,
when I want.
I answer to no one.
And I do remember you.
Three years ago,
right?
You appeared out of
nowhere at Duel Academy
and tried to help me.
I won't ever
forget that day.
But not because of you.
Because that was the day
I decided to make my big escape.
The day I would join the rest of
my classmates on the frontlines.
But it wasn't to be
and all because of your father.
Hmm. Yes.
I remember it
like it was yesterday.
♪
(electricity crackling)
(shudders)
(man)
That way! Quick!
(man #2)
Don't let her get away.
♪
Enough of this nonsense,
Celina.
Now, be a good girl.
Come with us.
But I want to join the frontline
with my classmates.
Everyone knows
I'm the most talented duelist
this place has ever seen.
We both know there's no way
the Professor will permit that.
(Celina)
Then you give me no choice.
Whoa.
If I can't fight
with the others,
then I'll just
have to fight you guys.
I guess we're doing this
the hard way.
Believe it.
I summon Lunalight Blue Cat.
And I'm playing
a facedown, too.
Now, let's see
what the three of you got.
Very well.
(computer) Battle
Royal mode engaged.
(men)
I summon Ancient Gear Soldier.
(Chancellor)
Attack!
Huh?
(explosion)
(thinking)
Whoa, there's no action field,
but this duel
looks and feels so real.
Come on, you're Duel
Academy's best teachers
and that's all
you can throw at me?
Duel Academy?
Very well.
Attack her again.
Three on one‐‐
that doesn't seem fair.
(all)
Huh?
(Declan)
Even the odds,
Double‐D Cerberus!
This way.
(all)
Huh?
(both straining)
No! You there, stop!
(beeping)
Stop! What gives?
Why'd you help me
back there?
Uh...
You're not from
around here, are you?
Well...
'Cause I'm looking for
a way off this island.
So if you have a ship
or something, I could‐‐
(man)
That's quite enough, Celina.
(Declan)
Father?
My dear,
I admire your spirit,
but the fact remains
you must stay here.
But why? You always say
I'm one of your best students.
Doesn't that mean
I'm ready to fight?
Do not concern yourself
with what it means.
Then when will I
be ready to fight?
When it's time to
destroy Xyz? Or Synchro?
Destroy? Wait, Father,
what does she mean?
I've heard the rumors,
Professor.
I know you're about
to launch an all‐out attack
to invade the Xyz dimension.
And for the last time,
I want to be a part of it.
Please, I'm begging you.
I'll make you proud.
That's not the point.
Then what is?
One day soon,
you'll understand, Celina.
Hold on a second.
Will someone tell me
what's going on here?
Father, where am I?
What's Duel Academy?
Mother and I haven't
heard a word from you
since you left
the company.
I deserve an explanation,
so talk.
What I will say to you
is this‐‐
you should not have come
to this dimension.
Dimension?
What do you mean?
(Celina and Declan)
Huh?
(grunts)
Get your hands off me!
Hey!
(muffled yells)
No! Stop! Don't!
Now, then,
I do believe it's time
that we return you
to your quarters.
But from here on out,
you'll be under guard
at all times.
(groaning)
That is all.
Let me go! Stop it!
Unhand me!
(grunting)
It is time
you leave as well.
No, first I want answers.
Where am I? Tell me!
You're in
the Fusion dimension.
And this is my base
of operations,
known to my subjects
as Duel Academy.
Base of operations
for what?
You'll see in time.
Strap him.
Sir.
Huh?
What are you doing?!
I've secured
the device, sir.
What is this thing?
You travelled here by way of
my trans‐dimensional portal,
not that you knew it
at the time.
Regardless, that portal
has now been closed.
So consider what you're wearing
a one‐way ticket back home.
After you use it,
it will self‐destruct.
Now, excuse me.
I'm a busy man.
Wait! If I travelled
across dimensions,
that means you can
cross dimensions as well.
So then, these invasions
Celina was talking about‐‐
you're going to invade
other worlds?
Like a conqueror?
Why would you do that?
I'm planning to create
one supreme world.
One supreme world?
I don't understand.
Father?
(beeping)
Wait, Father!
No!
Yes, that was
three years ago.
And every day since then,
I've devoted my life
to one single cause‐‐
stopping my father plan
to invade other dimensions
and create
one supreme world.
This is why I became
President of Leo Corporation.
So I could discover duelist.
Duelist who can help me.
Help me defend our dimension
from Leo Akaba.
I want you to join me,
Celina.
Join you?
That's right.
I know you're ready
for the frontlines.
Together,
we can stop my father.
Save it.
I'm only here to
hunt down and capture
those who escaped
from the Xyz dimension.
(Sora)
You have to transport me back
to the Standard dimension
right away!
There are fugitives hiding there
who escaped from Xyz!
Though, I have to admit,
I'm a bit surprised.
The one I have found
was a big joke.
I mean, here I am trying to
prove my duel skills to Leo,
but facing a duelist
from the Xyz dimension
who posed no challenge
whatsoever.
It kinda
makes you wonder.
This is Dipper.
A student at my school.
He's an Xyz user
but he's no fugitive.
Don't lie to me.
I know that an Xyzian
defeated one of my colleagues.
Where is he?
(announcer)
And we have our winner!
Leo Institute's
Shay Obsidian.
Showing no mercy
to competition,
Sir Shalack of the Knight
of the Duel Disk,
was defeated
in a one‐side victory
that won't soon
be forgotten!
I know not of
any Xyz fugitives.
I'm sorry.
Then I must
keep looking.
And by "looking"
you mean
you'll be stirring up
trouble, no doubt.
And I don't want
trouble in my city.
Leo Akaba may not have
sent you here,
but know this‐‐
if you are not my friend,
you are my enemy.
I won't let you harm her.
(beeping)
Huh?
And I just made sure of it
by sending Duel Academy
your current locations.
He's gone back to
the Fusion dimension.
So what happens now?
Simple‐‐ the Professor doesn't
like me disobeying his orders.
So he'll send his army
to come here to take me back.
That just means
I'm on a time limit.
I just have to take down that
Xyzian before they catch me.
And then the Professor
has no choice
but to acknowledge
my skills.
Time's wasting.
It's me.
Assemble the crew.
(female reporter on TV)
And now in duel news.
After days of
intense competition,
the Junior Division of
the ARC League Championship
has concluded
its second round.
There are now just 16
duelist that remain.
And you better believe
we'll be seeing their best
as they battle it out
for the top prize.
Now, let's meet them,
shall we?
Yeah! Here we go!
First up is Zuzu Boyle
from the You Show Duel School.
Yeah!
Zuzu,
my pride and joy!
Let's hear it for Zuzu!
Let's get loud!
(Zuzu)
I'm hitting the mute button.
Next up, also from
the You Show Duel School,
an up‐and‐coming
dueltainer
who came up with
a new duel strategy‐‐
Pendulum Summoning‐‐
Yuya Sasaki.
So far in this
tournament,
we've seen Yuya defeat Sylvio
Sawatari of the Leo
Institute
and Iggy Arlo of
the Banded Warrior Academy
in a hard fought battle
that seemed to turn
a bit ugly at the end!
(thinking)
It sure did.
And that's not how
I like to duel.
Dueling is supposed to be about
putting on a good show.
Not showing someone up.
I just hope the remaining
duelist feel the same way.
Huh?
Just wanted to say
congrats, Yuya.
I know that we're
officially rivals,
but whatever happens,
let's remember that
we're also friends.
Right.
I just hope that you're not
my next opponent.
After all,
I saw your last duel.
You sure got skills.
I wish you luck, Zuzu.
Oh! What sportsmanship!
Yeah, well‐done, Yuya.
Just like I taught ya.
You'd think he made the cut.
I wish he'd cut back
on the caffeine.
(female reporter)
And addition to the
three duelist
from the Knights of
the Duel Disc Duel School,
the kitchen king,
Reed Pepper,
is advancing as well!
All right,
Reed Pepper!
Hot stuff!
Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot.
Hot? What do you mean?
I really hope
she means his cooking.
(female reporter) Next on
the list we have Trout.
And you know he's hoping
to reel in a win.
But he'll have some
real competition.
Because next up
is Gong Strong
of Paradise City's
prestigious Duel Dojo,
who some say
is head and shoulders above
every other duelist
in the tournament!
But that's mostly because
he happens to have
a two‐foot tall
pompadour‐‐‐
three‐feet when it's not
too humid out! (chuckling)
But moving on‐‐ yet another
duelist from the Leo
Institute,
Shay Obsidian!
Shay's in?
Shay has been one of
the most exciting duelists
in the tournament,
defeating You Show Duel
School's Sora Perse
in a fierce
first round match up.
Then winning by
an overwhelming margin
in the second
round of play.
It will be exciting to see
just what Shay shows us
next!
Stay tuned.
Exciting?!
More like worrisome
if you ask me.
Yeah, I'm with you, Tate.
I don't trust Shay.
Yeah, not since
Sora vanished.
Sora...
(Leo)
I'm told that you want to go
back to the Standard dimension.
(Sora)
Yeah, there are
Xyz fugitives there.
I want to capture them.
Good.
See to it, then, Sora.
Thank you. I will.
But first, I want you
to go find somebody else
with the help
of some friends.
Huh?
The Obelisk Force.
You are to locate
a young girl.
This is your top‐priority.
And this is the girl
you must find.
Zuzu?!
(Leo)
No, her name is Celina.
Celina?
Wait, but how?
She looks just like Zuzu.
What gives?
For now,
that's none of your concern.
What is of your concern
is that you bring
this girl back to me
by whatever means necessary.
And that includes
taking down
anyone who gets in your way
by unleashing the full power
of your duel skills.
This is your mission, Sora.
Listen, everybody, we all
need a vacay now and then.
When Sora's back, we'll
welcome him with open arms.
Right, Dad.
Sounds like a plan.
He'll be so pleased to know
that you two advanced.
Your dueling
inspires us all.
So you both
just keep on winning
and I'm sure everything
will be fine.
Yeah, that's right.
'Cause wherever Sora is,
he's watching
just like this.
That is my Sora impression.
Needs some work, Frederick, but
I think we all get your point.
And don't forget,
Tate here is still competing
in the Youth Division!
For sure.
So then, all three of you,
just keep on doing
your very best.
And we'll hope for the best
for Sora, right?
Sora? Never mind Sora
or anyone else.
I'm rooting for
Reed Pepper to win.
Gee, thanks, Mom.
So there you have it.
The duelist who will be
battling it out
in round three
of the tournament.
Now it's time to see who
will play their cards right
and have a shot at
winning the whole thing.
And now for a look
at tomorrow's weather.
An interesting group.
Indeed.
All fine duelist.
But we need duelist
who are more than just fine.
Much more.
(crowd cheering)
(announcer)
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the third round
of the ARC‐V
Championship!
Here are your 16
remaining duelist.
I think that
he means 15.
Yeah, Shay's nowhere
to be found.
Now, let's get started!
But not how
you all might think
because these competitors
won'tbe dueling here at the
stadium,
they'll be dueling
throughout the whole city.
(both)
What?!
Huh?
(all)
Huh? So how will that work?
Well‐done, Declan.
By announcing duels will be
taking place around the city,
the public won't know
the difference between
tournament duels and battles
against Leo's forces.
Right. Which means
there won't be a panic.
Although our enemy
may panic
once they realize what
we have in store for them.
After all, just because
we're the ones being attacked,
it doesn't mean
we can't fight back.
And fight back we shall.
Because while our
16 junior duelist
fight it out
in the city,
the eight finalist
in the Senior Division
will fight off
our invaders.
The fate of our world
is at stake.
We will need nothing short
of your very best.
Do you understand?
(all)
Yes.
(Declan)
Shay, you have
a different mission.
A very important one.
You are to continue
taking part in the tournament
and determine if any of
the other finalists
have the skills, courage,
and determination
to become one
of the Lancers.
That sounds like
a complete waste of my time.
Let me handle it.
I'll take down every one
of those Fusion freaks
all by myself.
Hey, remember your place,
you Junior Division punk.
Whatever.
I'll be a team player...
for now.
I hope you're ready,
ladies and gentlemen.
Because the moment
the clock strikes 12,
the action will begin
and our duelist
will all need
to begin searching.
Searching for
what, you ask?
Pendulum Cards hidden
all throughout the city,
brand‐new ones created by
the Leo Corporation
for this tournament.
Say what?!
In order to begin a duel,
our 16 competitors
will each need to find
at least two of
these cards.
So we'll all have
Pendulum Cards?
But then that would mean
that everyone
will be able to
Pendulum Summon.
(announcer)
Furthermore,
over the next 24 hours,
all of the matches
will be upping the ante
with Pendulum Cards
as the ante.
After deciding how many
Pendulum Cards to wager,
you and your opponent
will duel.
Whoever wins
gets the Pendulum Cards
that were put
on the line.
But you won't be having
to wait in line to duel
because the action field
Quartet of Quandary
will be in effect.
Separating the city
into four, count them,
four different zones
for your dueling pleasure.
This is sounding
really good.
(both)
Totally!
Happy dance!
Oh!
(announcer)
All right, less than
five minutes till we begin.
Duelists,
start your Duel Disks.
♪
(computer) Battle
Royal mode engaged.
(cheering)
Now, get set...
(thinking)
I'm going to X‐out the Xyzians
and make my mark.
The time for
talking is over.
Now is the time
for traps, spells,
monsters,
and much, much more!
So get ready for anything
because in
a throw down like this,
anything can happen.
Now, on your mark,
get set, go!
(all)
Let's duel!
(horn sounding)
(computer)
Action Cards dispersed.
(Yuya thinking)
I'm ready, all right.
Ready to put on
the show of my life.
♪